# Setting Up The Learning Labs Previewer On macOS With Docker #

In this document we will show you how to set up the Learning Labs
Previewer tool to run in a Docker container on macOS.

## Objectives ##

Completion Time: 20 minutes

* Install Docker for Mac
* Obtain the Learning Labs Previewer
* Load and run the Learning Labs Previewer
* Preview Learning Labs content

## Prerequisites

To set up the Learning Labs Previewer on your Mac you'll need macOS
Sierra (version 10.12 or later). You'll also need to be comfortable
using shell commands in the Mac's Terminal application, and performing
basic file operations using the Terminal or the Finder.

* **macOS Sierra**<br/>
The following steps support running the Learning Labs Previewer on
macOS Sierra, version 10.12.0 and later. This method of running the
Previewer may work on earlier versions of macOS, but earlier versions
are untested.

* **File operations**<br/>
We'll use a web browser or a command-line client such as **curl** to
fetch and install Docker for Mac, and to get the Docker image that
provides the Learning Labs Previewer software. You'll need to be
confident using shell commands in the Terminal, working with web
browsers, and using the Finder for basic file operations.

## Step 1. Install Docker for Mac

Docker for Mac is a version of the Docker container platform packaged
for macOS as a single, self-contained application. It's an
officially-supported product of the Docker project.

When you install and run Docker for Mac it automatically takes care of
all the details of obtaining and setting up the Docker system
software and provides a simple menu-driven user interface for
controlling Docker processes. It also creates symbolic links that
enable you to control docker containers from the terminal using
standard Docker shell commands.

Installing Docker for Mac is as simple as downloading the application
and dragging it to your Mac's Applications directory:

1. **Download the Docker for Mac application**<br/>
Get the Docker for Mac application from [its download page](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/#download-docker-for-mac). For best results use the link for [the stable release](https://download.docker.com/mac/stable/Docker.dmg).

2. **Mount the downloaded disk image**<br/>
Clicking the link downloads a Mac disk-image file named "Docker.dmg"
to your downloads directory. Find and double-click the image file to
mount it. When mounted, the disk image displays a Finder window
containing the Docker for Mac application.

3. **Install the application**<br/> 
Drag the application to the "Applications" folder in the Finder window
to copy it into your Mac's Applications directory. After copying is
complete you can eject the "Docker" disk that appeared in the Finder
when you mounted the disk image.

4. **Run Docker for Mac**<br/> 
Double-click the installed Docker for Mac application and follow any
instructions it displays. When this step is complete Docker for Mac is
installed and ready to use.

The first time you run Docker for Mac it sets up the files and system
services that Docker needs in order to run on your Mac. It adds a
Docker menu, identified by the whale icon, to the right side of your
menubar. You can use the Docker menu to configure and control your
Docker services.

Docker for Mac also installs the Docker shell commands and creates
symbolic links to them that enable you to control Docker from the
terminal in the normal way. After installing Docker for Mac you may
need to restart any open terminal windows to ensure that the
newly-installed Docker commands are accessible to the shell.

#### Next Step: Obtain the Docker Image



