## Step 2. Obtain the Docker Image

Now that Docker for Mac is installed and running we can get and load
the Docker image containing the Learning Labs Previewer.

1. **Download the Docker image**<br/>
The Docker image containing the Learning Labs Previewer is available
at
[this url](https://cisco.box.com/shared/static/05kjlvobv2jf3lz23ozz9gg66cfdcs3b.tar). 
To download it you can use a browser or a shell command such as wget
or curl. As an example, the following curl command downloads the
Docker image to the working directory:<br/><br/>
``` curl
curl -o 05kjlvobv2jf3lz23ozz9gg66cfdcs3b.tar https://cisco.box.com/shared/static/05kjlvobv2jf3lz23ozz9gg66cfdcs3b.tar
```
<br/>
The Docker image is a large file&mdash;almost a gigabyte in
size. Downloading it takes some time.
<br/>
The curl command saves the docker image in the file
`05kjlvobv2jf3lz23ozz9gg66cfdcs3b.tar`. 
<br/>
Please note that the next step uses the `docker` command to load the
image file into Docker. If you move the image file after loading it
then you'll have to use the `docker` command to load it again. For
that reason you should choose a convenient place to store it, perhaps
with other Docker images, before loading it.
<br/><br/>
2. **Load the Docker image**<br/>
Once the download is complete you can use the `docker` command to load
the image into Docker's working set:<br/><br/>
``` shell
sudo docker load < 05kjlvobv2jf3lz23ozz9gg66cfdcs3b.tar
```
<br/>
Docker adds the image file to the set of Docker images it can run.
<br/><br/>
3. **Confirm that the image is loaded**<br/>
After loading the docker image you can confirm that the load was
successful using the `docker` command like this:
<br/><br/>
``` shell
sudo docker images
```
<br/>
Docker should print output that looks something like this:<br/><br/>
``` shell
REPOSITORY   TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED        SIZE
cisco/llp    latest    00ccc120fe57   4 months ago   905 MB
```
<br/>
The presence of the `cisco/llp` image in the output indicates that
Docker successfully loaded the Learning Labs Previewer image. You're
ready to run the Previewer.
<br/>

#### Next Step: Run the Docker Image
