## Step 3. Run the Docker Image

Once the Docker image containing the Learning Labs Previewer software
is loaded we can run it to preview learning labs. The Learning Labs
Markdown files must be available in a known location that is
accessible to the running Docker image, and you must supply the
pathname to the labs to the Docker image when you run it.

The Docker command to run the Previewer looks like this:

``` shell
sudo docker run -pHOST-PORT:CONTAINER-PORT --name IMAGE-NAME -v /PATH/TO/LABS_DIRECTORY:/data -d CONTAINER-NAME
```

* **CONTAINER-PORT** is the port used by the Docker image to serve the
  Previewer software.

* **HOST-PORT** is the port on the host machine (that is, your
  computer) that will serve the Previewer software. It's the port to
  which your browser will actually connect. It need not be the same as
  the CONTAINER-PORT, but for simplicity's sake these instructions use
  the same port number for both container and host. Both port numbers
  in our example are 9000.

* **IMAGE-NAME** is a name that you give to the Docker image at load
  time. The name is a convenience to make it easier to execute Docker
  commands that affect the image. You can use any name you like, or
  omit it entirely. We'll use `llp` as the IMAGE-NAME.

* **CONTAINER-NAME** is the name that the container assigns to
  itself. The name of the Previewer container is `cisco/llp`.
  
* **/PATH/TO/LABS/DIRECTORY** is the filesystem path to the directory
  containing the Learning Labs source files. It should be the path in
  your filesystem of the toplevel git working directory containing the
  Learning Labs sources.<br/><br/> For example, suppose you use git to
  check out the devnet Learning Labs project to the local directory
  `/Users/developer/Cisco/devnet-guidelines/`; you would then pass
  that same pathname for the value of the -v argument to `docker
  run`.<br/><br/> Be sure that if you store your checked-out Learning
  Labs project at a different path, you use your path in the Docker
  command instead of the example path given here.
  
Putting all of these pieces together, the command to run the Previewer
in Docker looks like this:

``` shell
sudo docker run -p9000:9000 --name llp -v /Users/developer/Cisco/devnet-guidelines/:/data -d cisco/llp
```

Use this shell command to start the Previewer software running. If the
command is successful then you should see it print a hash string that
looks something like this:

``` shell
dd157b2b08b4066925ce0c6e21ad3d30713bd5f77d1a78557b8ab9267abc7676
``` 
#### Visit the Previewer Page
Use a web browser to visit the URL `http://localhost:9000/`. If Docker
ran the image successfully then you should see the Learning Labs
Previewer home page. Assuming the `-v` argument to `docker run` is
correct, you should see a list of Learning Labs that are available to
preview. Click the Preview button for any of the labs to see what it
will look like when published.

#### Congratulations! You've successfully installed the Learning Labs Previewer!


